hello hello welcome to our dream house
but what's also so crazy about this
place is that this is also where we're
going to have the Next Generation Mr
who's the boss Studio So the plan is
we're going to turn this into a
nine-part video series where every
single room is going to be its own
episode each of these is a different
video and we're taking it from zero to
the most max out thing you can possibly
imagine the start of the studio and the
actual coolest thing about this place is
that there isn't just going to be one
studio now we got two nope
have you found
the this is Studio A technically a
garage we spent our entire lives filming
outside of an old attic bedroom and to
have a space that is actually
rectangular that we can just start from
scratch it's just amazing we can
actually walk around and not walk into
the camera or the lighting or the
microphones I've nearly impaled myself
many many times on that microphone so
the idea of this room is basically to
take the setup that we you already have
but take it to a whole other level we're
thinking one big screen across the
entire wall this is a room you're going
to see a lot of so we want to make sure
that it's just spot on yeah so if you
stand here Josh and I stand
here I think a lot of good times are
going to happen in these
positions this is the plant room which
is actually I don't know why it's called
a plant room there aren't any plants in
here so this entire house is going to be
run by the control 4 system it's like a
protocol that a lot of Smart Homes use
to be able to link together lots of
non-smart things it's kind of like the
brain of a house we're basically trying
to design it so that all the TVs in the
house all the electronics you don't
actually need big boxes in every single
room cuz the boxes will be here and
they're all wired individually to the
[Music]
rooms polished concrete it is actually
like part of the reason we picked this
place cuz I actually think it's really
pretty and it's also really easy to
clean and you can slide on it and you
can slide on it
but we will show you Studio B soon
because that's like at the back of the
garden it's probably the coest room of
the entire house very exciting this is
probably my favorite room and what is it
this is going to be the storage room we
slowly took over arin's Family House
room by room with the amount of tech
gear and supplies that we have all the
original intentions for the rooms in
that house no longer existed so we
thought we'd start from scratch with
this room being the storage room we're
going to have massive floor to sealing
storage racks everywhere had to ized by
what they are when we need them why we
need them a place where everything has a
place as you can probably tell drer is
to an obsessive level organized to a
reasonable level brish is a sensible
amount of
organized oh yeah and so this space here
this is where I want to build the dream
top down setup so right now anytime we
get a new tech product we have to film
with a top down camera but the current
top down setup is kind of me or my knees
there's a little table and I'm kind of
opening the product on the table with my
arms stretched out like this being very
careful to actually keep it in the shot
of the camera because it's so narrow
here we have the space to build a top
down camera set with no limitations
basically like any size product we can
just unbox it on the floor it's such a
dream okay let's move to some more fun
rooms so this is the gym I just love the
Scandinavian style architecture that the
guy's gone for but then yeah so the cool
part of this house is this will also be
a place to film stuff like anytime we're
testing Fitness bands or Health Tech
there's a space for it because there's
these like polished concrete floors with
no real gap between anything you can
just wheel a camera in so bathroom in
here all the walls are Venetian plaster
the ceiling is wood I actually can't
believe that we we like own it it's a
bathroom with a really cool
sink scratching with the watch oh no
that feels like the position you're
going to be in after a really heavy
housing party it does have a cherikee
vibe to okay so you've seen disa's
baby now you get to see mine this is the
cinema room I let you do the
honest oh my God come
in this carpet is so plush and the noise
when you walk in is immediately isolated
so it feels silent you present the video
from now on this is where our own
sleeves this is actually where we sleep
the house is currently unfurnished
completely so we've set up a little bed
mat here and aon's key priority a little
switch set up here literally that is
male living space right there the other
thing you probably noticed when you
walked in though is the noise just
disappears and that's because well
basically the entire room is just
surrounded with acoustic paneling it's
like completely empty right now so we've
got to find the speakers the screen the
projector I had this little gaming Trio
with two of my friends and we play this
game called Monster Hunter together and
the entire time we've played it we've
always played online and all I've
dreamed being able to do was to be able
to say come over and let's play together
and I want this room to be where that
happens oh and then quickly before we go
to the main
floor this is another bathroom
and so yesterday we were sitting in the
front of the house where there's loads
of Pebbles and we were picking up each
individual Pebble saying we own this we
named this Pebble and Arin hasn't let go
of this Pebble since oh no so so now we
go upstairs to the main floor I also
love looking up here so this is the
kitchen dining room living room and it's
just it's so much space we never dreamed
of being able to have like this much
space what's really fun about this as
well is that we're going to do it
together like we're actually going to be
able to build this room into the Perfect
final form this is what we've been
looking for for ages and one of the key
things was just tons of light it's like
the best empty shell you could Poss
possibly hope for this
fridge oh technology got to love
it opens like this one and three times
the idea is when you approach the fridge
it gives you a little projection on the
floor that says door open place your
foot underneath that
projection and the door opens and you
can change the temperature of different
shelves to suit different wines um I
don't think we know wine well enough
right now so there'll just be lots of
milkshakes in here you know I was saying
this entire house is run by the contr
four system that means that every single
light in this house can be configured
exactly how we want it so you'll notice
these buttons they're unlabeled and
that's because you can make this button
turn on all the lights to maximum you
can make this one turn on one particular
light and you can make this one turn on
all the lights but at a certain level of
brightness so we're going to go through
every single light switch and program
exactly the percentage and which lights
we want on for each one which is
actually the most fun thing ever but
what I actually find the coolest thing
about this kitchen is the fact that in a
way it's kind of modular like you open
each of these cabinets but then you can
actually sh the cabinet doors so that
this can be a permanent space for extra
appliances like a microid and this is
true for every single one of these
cabinets and I just love how these
lights gently glow as you start to open
the doors oh so satisfying ah and then
also the whole thing is symmetrical so
if we didn't already know that we wanted
wanted to buy the
house and this is another one of my
favorite bits this is all the manuals to
every part of this house the flooring
the ovens the fridge and I'm a read
every page of the manual person so I
can't wait to get into this looks like a
real page Turner there's going to be a
dining area and then
this
is I mean I don't know actually what is
this I love the idea of making this like
really comfy cozy cushions everywhere
and then you can just sit and like I can
read
you can be playing and then this is the
living room area when you start any new
Venture in Indian culture um your family
comes over and you do a few prayers just
to I guess to bring you luck so that's
what we did yesterday going to have a
massive fireplace going around here so
it's going to feel this whole room is
going to feel really warm cozy so where
we're going to play board games watch a
bit of TV yeah and one of the big things
that I would really like to do here is
create a really cool audio setup just
just listen all about the tech you could
have floor standing speakers here and
here just firing at you while you're in
the soci seat it's like this is like the
place right here how do you do
that tell this opens up and it creates
this feeling of inside and outside
almost as if like this has now become
one big space one of the things we think
about quite a lot is circadian rhythms
and getting outside as soon as possible
in the morning and then making sure that
it's dark as soon as it is dark so you
get the best sleep but we will come back
to the garden and Studio B which is
overlooking the entire property and this
is the weirdest door we've ever seen
because essentially the hinge is partway
through it so you can either push this
way or you can push this way and you can
also definitely get your hands stuck in
this this room is going to be an office
and we've never actually had an office
before I currently work most of the time
at a standing desk in the kitchen and I
work on the edge of your standing desk
in the kitchen
and so our idea for this space was to
create the most Zen tranquil work
environment that happens to be right
next to the kitchen I guess we' need
three desks in here so you me Joseph
yeah he's our everything CL oh yeah and
this actually is something we talked
about yesterday is the idea that we're
building our Home Spaces these are the
spaces we're living in but because the
entire floor is polished concrete and we
can just wheel around a camera rig
everything here is also our filming
spaces the whole house is just going to
be purpose-built to make it so easy to
film and I can't wait you can't already
tell right so up the stairs oh look at
this see the best thing about this house
is there is sunlight everywhere also
power sockets everywhere because one of
the things this place is almost custom
built for is the idea of it being low
maintenance so you stick a robot vacuum
cleaner one on each floor and it will
have absolutely no problem at all yeah
there are no Nooks no no crannies it's
just clean rectangular floors and then
this is the master bedroom we're Masters
apparently now sria has lived her entire
life in your room is probably 2 m
squared it's the size of a bed and
everything you ever own must fit into
one of these cupboards half of one of
these cupboards cuz I can know you reach
so far cupboard this big has been the
most space I've ever had I can be here
you can actually close the
door okay let's continue the idea for
this room is keep it hyper focused on
sleep so a bed some side tables and no
clutter oh yeah and we usually spend
like a good 10 minutes whenever we get
to a new hotel working out who should
take what side no no you decide which
side you're going to take and later I
find out that you take the side with the
plug sockets on it and he preemptively
decided they have a lot of gadgets but
this is perfectly symmetrical in terms
of access to lighting power there's
going to be airon in every single room
and also underfloor heating on each
floor okay so
this it's a bath I actually I mean you
don't own a bath and I don't think I
have used a bath in 15 years but this is
just so nicely designed I mean you could
fit two people in there you could fit
two people and you can have a nacho ball
to share sitting in between you oh but
also because the lighting is all
configurable this has been set up so
that there is a bath mode for lighting
which turns off basically everything
apart from a spotlight you'd see it
better at night but it's kind of like a
performance this is the laundry room so
laundry rooms tend to be on the bottom
floor but the fact that it's on this
floor is so cool because this is where
our bathrooms are so you can hop into
the shower take your clothes off and
then you only need to take like five
steps to wash them those make too much
sense and then the final thing is the
guest rooms so there's three guest rooms
and they all follow the same design
aesthetic as the rest of the house so
storage the same bathroom so we
obviously need to test this in practice
but in theory this whole control 4
lighting system is like stupidly
flexible like you can even link that to
the lights baked into the headboard of a
bed so everything in the room can
actually be one switch Yeah and it
connects to your TVs your speakers so
through the control for app you could
turn on your TV choose what you want to
watch turn on your music and then that
right there that's Studio B hello that
was quick so this is Studio B before we
go inside though if you come back here I
want to show you something that sounds a
bit dodgy at this point we are way into
things I cannot believe we have
territory this is a quarter size
basketball court here we just have like
a cage to test technology and the next
time we have like a jumping robot or
like something we want to smack with an
axe to see if it can withstand it it's
an arena pretty much every day drish and
I we come out of the house and we walk
around and we kick a ball and this is
now where we can do that and one thing
we want to do is add in flood lights all
around so we can play all night under
the stars under the trees oh no so
sorry and so that AR can see where he's
throwing the
ball that's fair I'll get it in now
though we uh we'll fix that in
post so one of the reasons that we could
actually afford this house is because
the garden is tiered so it's on four
different levels and I think most people
don't like that but there's a lot of
perks that come with it like because
we're so high up right now you get the
direct sunlight nothing blocking it and
you just have this complete 180 view of
the sky and you just feel so free it is
absolutely stunning oh yeah and right
here we are building a dream outdoor
entertainment area we just want to spend
as much time as possible outside with
our friends and family we have ideas the
garden is going to be one of the videos
in this series and in that video we're
going to go nuts on that setup and just
turn it into something amazing and now
this right yes okay so this
is locked which way it opens it
no all right there we go so
this is where magic happens the plan is
to film lots of our reviews and our kind
of traditional videos in Studio A but
anytime we want to do something
different or a little bit special this
is what we use we're trying to make this
the flagship iconic just like a
completely Bonkers Next Generation
Studio we want to have like the white
and blue Mr who's the boss colors like
plastered all over and this will
actually be a space where we can walk
around we can like go over here and test
something and then we can go over here
and test something else so currently
when we're filming a video where we've
got to test lots of different types of
products we're basically hopping between
all the various rooms of the house to do
that we're just there with like four
tube lights creating a new set for every
single product and if there's like 20
products in one of those videos we spend
half our time just setting up each shot
so the idea of this room is that it's
one space where from every single angle
it is just perfectly lit ready to go
just looks beautiful you know you want
have every type of set you can need a
gaming setup a computer setup a TV setup
a couch setup we build this space with
every single product type in mind so
that there's an environment to test
every single thing and then we decide
does it make it into the main house oh I
like that and then this is where we keep
our um bodies um products so this out
housee was originally designed to be
like a pool house for a swimming pool
and so all the controls and tanks and
we're going to go down there maybe
anything that we don't like product wise
goes in there the place where products
go to
die so yeah different kind of video
obviously but I also feel like this
whole series is such a once in
a-lifetime Opportunity the plan is to do
one video every single weekend basically
until we're done here so what can I say
um thank you thank you for making this
possible this
is I me it's more than a dream come true
to be honest